Notification for Tile (#3126)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/tile/usage.mdx

</PageDescription>

<InlineNotification>

> Tile guidance has been recently udpated but not yet applicable for all
> implementation. Please continue following the guidance and we'll work on fixing
> the issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tile guidance has been recently updated but is not yet applicable for all
implementations. Please continue following the guidance and we'll work on fixing
the issues.
```
